1. Soak in the Moment

I want so desperately to freeze this moment. To drink in every sound, every sight, every delightful evidence of life. So many things to be thankful for.

I’ve had thousands of these everyday life minutes, but tonight is different. I remembered to pause. To acknowledge what I’ve been blessed with. . . . I sat and 
soaked in the moment. And with every tear that spilled out, I felt more and more full.

Maybe this is the true secret to being fulfilled and content. Living in the moment with God, defined by His truth, and with no unrealistic expectations for others 
or things to fill me up. Not reaching back for what was lost in my yesterdays. And not reaching for what I hope will be in my tomorrow. But living fully with 
what is right in front of me. And truly seeing the gift of this moment.

I will greatly rejoice in the Lord,

My soul shall be joyful in my God;

For He has clothed me with the garments of salvation,

He has covered me with the robe of righteousness.

—Isaiah 61:10

“I have come that they may have life, and that they may have it more abundantly. I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd gives His life for the sheep.”

—John 10:10–11

Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above.

—James 1:17

2.God is Calling You to be a Part of Something Bigger
God is Calling YOU!

Excerpt from The Playful and Powerful WARRIOR within YOU!

Do you sense there is something bigger out in the world for you to accomplish? God is calling you to trust Him and choose big

steps of faith to create a significant difference in the world. The only way to find the ultimate purpose of your life is by respond- ing to God’s call to enter into a personal relationship with Him.

You are called to a personal relationship with God who created you. It is in God that you are able to discover your origin, your identity, your meaning, your purpose, your significance, and your destiny. Every other path leads to a dead end. God created you and accepts you no matter what you have ever done or failed to do.

We were designed to put God and His purposes first because God created all of us to have a relationship with Him. Genesis 1:27 tells us that “God created man in His own image, in the image of God He created him; male and female He created them.” God loves you with an everlasting love and has a wonderful purpose for your life right now and for all of eternity. In John 10:10, Jesus said, “I came that they may have life, and have it abundantly.”

The purpose of your life is far greater than your own personal fulfillment, your peace of mind, or even your happiness. It is far greater than your family, your career, or even your wildest dreams and ambitions. When you choose to know why you were placed on this planet, you must begin with God. You were born by His purpose and for His purpose.

Now think about this for a moment. God created you in His own image. God bestowed upon you unique qualities for you to use in your life and to assist others. Because you are in God’s image and likeness, you have magnificence within you. Are you using your own magnificence and allowing it to shine? What is holding you back from letting your own magnificence shine through?

GJ Reynolds

Author of The Playful and Powerful Warrior within You!

3.Inspirational Women: Dr. Apratim Goel | CEO & Founder of Cutis Skin Solution LLP, Mumbai

Dr. Apratim Goel in the CEO and Medical Director of a chain of laser and cosmetic clinics called Cutis Skin Studio ,Mumbai, India.

A strong feminist, an extremely passionate aesthetician and board certified dermatologist, Dr.Goel advises many established brands to put them on the road to profitability and is a true inspiration for many budding cosmetic dermatologists globally.

An author and voracious reader, she continually upgrades her knowledge to offer the best personal care advice to her customers. She always connect to her readers with her simple words and meaningful advices in her writes. Critically acclaimed for her articles that can be routinely be seen in numerous national and international magazines and newspapers.

She is also a known face for media and appears on various TV programmes. However she stays in touch with academics and regularly upgrades herself by travelling globally and involved in many conferences and global events. She is President of AFAASI and on editorial board of many journals and magazines.

Tell us about yourself, your background and what you do currently

I belong to a small yet beautiful place in foothills of Himalayas Mussoorie where I went to school. I am told by my mother and my friends that I grew up as a very silent and shy kid. I did my MBBS from GMC, Government medical college, Bellary Karnataka in 1996. Then I did MD dermatology from KMC Manipal in 2001 followed by DNB. I worked in Delhi for 1 year and Mumbai for 2 years before starting my own clinic in 2004. Worked with L’Oreal as a consultant dermatologist for a couple of years with a few other corporate tie ups.

Fourteen years ago, I started my own state of art clinic “Cutis Skin Klinic” opposite Babulnath temple, South Mumbai.

Of course with the heavy investments, no knowledge of local language and being single, it was not easy to establish in Mumbai. Every step was a challenge. But I was determined to make it big. And so I did. Took loans, borrowed money from friends and family and worked 18-20 hours a day.

Today we have 2 state of art clinics with best technology in India under one roof and that makes all the pains worthwhile. Cutis holds the tagline high “Skin experts with a difference” We are different from all other skin clinics in the country as we don’t believe in just treating our patients but giving them an experience.

Who is your strength and inspiration?

My family. They have always supported me in whatever I do and my cutis team. But I would also add my failures as my biggest strengths. It is the fear to fail that kept me going in bad times.

4. Inspirational Woman: Ms. Vandana Gupta | Founder of Devditi Foundation

Vandana Gupta is one of the co-founders of Devditi Foundation, and is a self-motivated go-getter.

Hailing from an affluent business family and a graduate from Lady Shriram College, Gupta co-founded a successful stockbroking company after her marriage 
into a family of finance professionals. She has successfully juggled multiple roles of a mother, wife and homemaker along with her professional life.

She has two children aged 27 and 23, who are doing extremely well in life. Not content to rest, she co-founded the Devditi Foundation along with Sapna 
Khandelwal, two years ago.

Devditi Foundation is doing truly valuable work in areas of environmental responsibility, promoting Indian culture and traditions, uplifting the lesser privileged 
sections of society and eradicating hunger.


5. Sex Education

“In India we don’t hesitate to have sex, but when we have to talk about it, it’s against our culture,” said Anju Kishinchandani, a sex educator who runs weekend 
workshops in Mumbai to get children, teenagers and their parents to talk about the birds and the bees.

In a country where conversations about sex are all but taboo, Ms. Kishinchandani offers one of a growing number of privately run programs that Indian parents 
send their children to instead of discussing the topic at home.

Mothers waiting for their daughters at one of Ms. Kishinchandani’s sessions in July for nine- to 12-year-old girls said talking to their children about sex made 
them feel uncomfortable. They preferred to have someone else broach the topic, the mothers said as they eyed the closed door behind which their daughters were 
learning about puberty in Juhu, a northwestern suburb of Mumbai.

6.What I’m going through! the afterlife of acid attack victims…!!

Acid attack, one of the most heinous crimes against humanity, especially women, still exists in the world and if the statistics are to be believed not even countries
like Bangladesh, Pakistan and India have the records but also United States and European Union have their share of reports but most cases cover South East 
Asian countries where the incidents simply never seem to take a halt. Both men and women as well as children are targeted in such cases but women are the 
most vulnerable beings. If we dig deeper into the causes behind it, the main reasons are because of the rejection of marriage proposals or sexual advances, and 
these innocent souls are aimed for not killing, rather causing humiliation, for life!

“I was returning from my college to home. On the way, my ‘friend’ that time came on his bike and approached me to come near him and all of a sudden he threw 
acid on me. I screamed really hard but it was too late. I couldn’t imagine that my denial would bring out a devil in him..”

“My boss wanted to marry me and so he asked me out. I denied his proposal and since his ego was severely damaged as he didn’t expect that, he literally said to 
me – ‘If you cannot be mine, I won’t let you be someone else’s’. I wasn’t serious about his sayings since I couldn’t even had a slight idea that he had courage to 
do this.”