1. Dr. Sunitha Krishnan
	Krishnan was a social worker since childhood. She would teach dance to mentally challenged children when she herself was just eight years old. She 
was gang-raped when she was 12. The horrific incident left her angry, but instead of lamenting over her fate, she started an anti-trafficking organization Prajwala 
which works with the police and other law enforcement agencies to fight commercial sexual exploitation. Through her organization, she is actively rescuing and 
rehabilitating victims of sex-trafficking into society. Krishnan was also recently awarded the prestigious 2014 Nelson Mandela-Graca Machel Innovation Awards
on November 24 at Johannesburg, South Africa. She is the first Indian to receive this honour. Her inspiring story is a motivation to all of us, especially those who
are still fighting the horrific memories of rape. 

2. Urmila
	Urmila, a Dalit woman who hails from a small village in Madhya Pradesh, was living a normal life with her husband and three kids when one day a 
man broke into her house when she was alone and raped her. She somehow managed to escape and went to the police station where no one filed her complaint 
till morning. She then went to Harijan’s police station, and after a few hours, her complaint was registered. Since then, her life completely changed. The society 
blamed her and the neighbours and community cut off all communication with her family. She decided to fight back, and with her husband’s support, she 
managed to stand tall even in the most difficult situations. The criminals pressurized her to take the police complaint back, they even beat up Urmila and her 
husband brutally, but she faced them bravely. Urmila is an inspiring example of how, no matter where you are and which community you belong to, you should 
never be afraid to raise your voice against wrong. She is still putting up a brave fight for justice.

3.Sita
	The 20-year old construction labourer Sita was kidnapped, gang-raped and thrown on a railway track to die by a co-worker she had a small fight with. 
She became physically disabled and was abandoned by her own mother because she was no longer of any “use” to her in earning money. Instead of getting 
defeated by this harsh reality, Sita not only sent her violators to jail but also rebuilt her own life from scratch. Wheelchair ridden Sita did not shy away from 
filing a complaint against her mother too, who was abetting the criminals against her daughter. To give a new shape to her life, she joined a bridge school run by 
Prayas NGO, and with the help of her immense passion and will power, she managed to secure admission in class eight at the government-run Kasturba Gandhi 
Balika Vidyalaya (KGBV). Sita is an inspiration to all of us and proves that nothing can beat a strong willpower. 


4.Indian Acid Attack Victim Wins ‘International Women Of Courage Award’

	What’s the worst that could happen if you reject a man’s sexual advances? He calls you an obscene name, gives you an obscene gesture, or maybe 
slanders you in a public forum? Yes, those are un-called for indeed. But imagine you lived in a country where if you rejected a man, he threw acid on you in an 
attempt to ruin your life? Sounds far-fetched, yet it is a shocking truth one young girl had the misfortune of living out.

Laxmi is a 24 year old from India who was disfigured permanently when a man threw acid on her while she was waiting for a bus in New Delhi in 2005. She 
was 16 at the time. All because she refused his romantic pleas. Perhaps someone ought to tell that guy he needs therapy for his abandonment issues…

Well it ain’t gonna be Laxmi, because she has become an unlikely spokesperson for other acid attack victims in India. They say “success is the best revenge” but 
for Laxmi, it is more about showing other victims (mostly women) that there is life beyond tragedy, and power in sharing your story.

It is very common for female acid attacks to hide away in shame of their appearance, or even in some extreme cases, commit suicide. This was not an option for 
Laxmi. She started speaking out about her story, making numerous TV appearances.

She also gathered 27,000 signatures on her Change.org petition which was launched in conjunction with the Stop Acid Attacks org in 2013 to curb acid sales, 
and took her cause to the Indian Supreme Court. Laxmi’s petition led the Supreme Court to order the Indian central and state governments to regulate 
immediately the sale of acid, and the Parliament to make prosecutions of acid attacks easier to pursue.

5.NAHIDA

On the very next day after Nahida was married, she found out that her husband was having an affair with his aunt. When she inquired about the affair, the beating
started. Her first pregnancy ended in a still birth which she believes was caused by the abusive behavior of her husband.
Nahida was forced to undergo four abortions by her husband as he was having an extra-marital affair and did not want to have children with Nahida. Eventually, 
she did have several children  but his violent behavior continued.
Although she filed two separate cases for financial support from her husband, the first one in 2005, she is still waiting for any semblance of justice. Under 
section 125 of the code of Criminal Procedure, Nahida received a maintenance order of 1000 rupees per month by the family court. Even today, in 2013, she 
has never received a single rupee from her husband, as he refuses to appear in court reducing the maintenance order to a useless piece of paper. She filed another 
in 2007 under another law, the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence, with the same lack of results. In this case, she never even got an order from the 
court as her husband refused to appear.
HUMSAFAR is still trying to help Nahida receive justice through the court system, a daunting task. Meanwhile, Humsafar has facilitated her training as a 
professional cab driver where she can earn some minimal amount to pay for necessities and keep two of her children in school.